SOLR-18290: Support configurable fusion candidate pool in Combined Query (#4546)
apache/solr: solr/solr-ref-guide/modules/query-guide/pages/json-combined-query-dsl.adoc

`combiner.rrf.k` | Default: `60`::
   The k parameter in the RRF algorithm.

[NOTE]
====

> Consider setting `shards.rows` to at least your deepest expected `offset + limit` to enlarge the per-shard candidate pool used for fusion, giving more consistent ordering across pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider setting `shards.rows` to at least your deepest expected `start + rows` to enlarge the per-shard candidate pool used for fusion, giving more consistent ordering across pages.
```

Author: thanks for the correction.
